# FastBoosty – Subscription Service

The Subscription Service is responsible for managing user subscriptions. It is part of the **FastBoosty** app.

## Tech Stack

- **FastAPI** – Web framework
- **PostgreSQL** – Relational database
- **Kafka** - Message Queue
- **Docker** – Containerization
- **GitHub Actions** – Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery

## API Endpoints

- `POST /tier/tiers` – Create a new tier with the specified details.
- `PUT /tier/tiers/{tier_id}` - Update the details of an existing tier.
- `DELETE /tier/tiers/{tier_id}` - Delete a tier by its unique identifier.
> The endpoint above require a valid JWT token generated by the `auth_service`.
- `GET /content/posts/{post_id}` – Retrieve a tier by its unique identifier.
- `GET /content/users/{user_id}/posts` – Retrieve all tiers associated with a specific creator.


## Getting Started

> This service depends on the `auth_service`. It's recommended to run the full system using [`fastboosty-deployment`](https://github.com/fotapol/fastboosty-deployment).

### 1. Clone repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/fotapol/fastboosty-subscription_service.git
cd fastboosty-subscription_service
```

### 2. Configure

```bash
cp .env.sample .env
```
> Change varibles before `docker-compose up`

### 3. Run with Docker

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```


## GitHub Actions (CI, CD)

* Continuous Integration workflow runs tests and ruff formater check on every push and pull request to the main and develop branches.
* Continuous Delivery workflow build and push image to GHCR.

## License

This repository is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.
